Recommendation Engine for Insurance Sector to Expand Business in the Rural Area

Client: A leading insurance firm in the globe Industry Type: Insurance Services: SaaS, Products, Insurance Organization Size: 10000+ Develop the recommendation engine Item-based collaborative filtering based on the use case of the project Work on Streaming data platform i.e BangDb Data Generation for Testing the platform BangDB is the platform that manages the static data stored on the cluster and also works with live streaming data as Hadoop does. Wherever the bangdb is able to manage machine learning model deployment with their inbuilt parameter and hyper tuning parameters for each model. Streaming data from the client which relates to the customer details and the numbers of products offered by the client on their platform, such as Insurance, loans (Business Loans and Personal Loans), Mobile recharge, UPI transactions done by their platform, etc. They wanted the recommendation of other services provided by them to each of their customers who are using their platform. This Project Module develops according to the Clients Requirements which involves item-based collaborative filtering based on customer behaviour, Firstly classify the customers into various segments on the basis of age, location, gender, and product usage. On the basis of RFM (marketing tactics to classify the customer on the basis of their purchase history, amount spend, and frequency of usage of product) classify them and recommend them the other services based on item-based collaborative filtering. We generated the synthetic data (90 Million events) for the testing of the recommendation model and its accuracy for recommending the other products to customers. –   KPI of the Customers –   Recommendation model –   Graph databased model –   Data Generation code based on python (using copula-based on PyTorch) BangDb Tool (ML, AI, NoSQL database supported) Graph Databased Google Colab (Data file generation) Tableau for data visualization Linux cloud machine Python Graph Database Data visualization tools -K means model for clustering -Recommendation Engine model -Collaborative based filtering model – Machine learning – NoSQL Database – Graph database – Data Generation using python – Linux – Data Visualization – BangDB – Graph Database – Microsoft MYSQL server AWS cloud service Decide the Recommendation Engine based on the use case Finding the RFM score and classifying the customers into clusters Graph Model to define the relations of customers with each service which they are using Synthetic data generation(90 Million events) and around 1.5 Gb structured data. Item-based collaborative filtering solves the issue of recommendation because we are dealing with almost 14- 15 services. Clustering of customers based on their similarities Measure the RFM score, and group and classify them based on their scores. Graph database provides to reduce complexity and increase the processing speed. Data generation is one of the difficult tasks and generating relational data across 29 different streams using copula and UUID python library function which is based on PyTorch. It is Qualitative and Quantitative impact on economically where customers are a direct impact of these projects in their life. It is suggesting to the customers what services they have to utilize from the provider and this is a direct impact of the product on the customers. Product is providing the action statement of the usage of services by the customers and impacts them economically as well. The scope impact of product service is Nationwide or statewide. To provide these impact-full services, there is a tech team of Blackcoffer behind it Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Impact of COVID-19 pandemic on Tourism & Aviation industries Rise of cybercrime and its effect by the year 2040. PPT: Solution to quadratic assignment problems (QAP) using Ant Colony System Building an Analytics Dashboard with a PDF Parsing Pipeline for Data... How AI will help the Defense Power of a country? Creating a custom report and dashboard using the data got from... PHP Technology Framework Credit Scoring model