BERT-Based Classification of Individuals and Organizations into Two Categories Using Natural Language Processing

Client: A leading IT & tech firm in the USA Industry Type: IT Products & Services: IT Consulting, IT Support, SaaS Organization Size: 200+ This project aims to classify people and different organizations into two categories using BERT-based models for natural language processing. Utilized pre-trained BERT-based models for text classification. Fine-tuned the models on the sample dataset of the provided dataset for optimal performance. Implemented an evaluation metric to assess the model’s accuracy. Giving the Classification report and accuracy. people-org-classification-using-bert.ipynb Tools used Kaggle notebook Language/techniques used python, deep learning Models used BERT Based Classifier Skills used Data Science The problem was the higher GPU limit is required to process the big dataset. We shifted our notebook from Google Colab to Kaggle Notebook as it offers more GPU usage limits. Also, we took sample data from a given big dataset and processed it quickly. The project successfully implemented a text classification solution using BERT-based models. The model achieved promising results in classifying people into organizational categories. The documentation outlines the steps from data loading to model training and evaluation, providing a comprehensive project overview. https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sYlohokwi6e0ITZALvBJvrJkJdL79Rm2/view?usp=sharing https://www.loom.com/share/d1390fced221473ea78d360f5c61fac5 Summarized: https://blackcoffer.com/ This project was done by the Blackcoffer Team, a Global IT Consulting firm. This solution was designed and developed by Blackcoffer Team Here are my contact details: Firm Name: Blackcoffer Pvt. Ltd. Firm Website: www.blackcoffer.com Firm Address: 4/2, E-Extension, Shaym Vihar Phase 1, New Delhi 110043 Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Analyzing the Impact of Positive Emotions and Pandemic Severity on Mental... Financial Modeling of the Investment Management Professionals Travel and Tourism Outlook AI agent development and Deployment in Jina AI Face Recognition Using DeepFace Biomedical Engineering AI Tools & AI Software Digital Transformation in Oil and Gas Google Local Service Ads (LSA) Data Warehouse