Marketing Tool to Notify Leads to Clients over Email and Phone

Client: A leading Marketing firm in the USA Industry Type: Marketing Services: Marketing consulting Organization Size: 100+ Prepare a daily report for data from Local Service Ads dashboard and email to client. Extracts data from the LSA dashboard for the last 24 hours. The data is sent to the client email in the form of a daily report using SendGrid. The script runs every morning and is deployed to Heroku by the name “lead-details-to-email”. The data is collected only for the companies that are not marked in red in the “Missed Messages Notification Automation – Master File” sheet. The following data is uploaded: Number of Leads Cost Per Lead Lead Type Dispute amount to be approved Dispute amount approved Cost per Call Number of Leads Cost Per Lead Lead Type Dispute amount to be approved Dispute amount approved Cost per Call Use LSA API to extract data. Clean the data to make it readable and dispose the data not needed. Get the email id of each company from the given Sheet Send an email to the client using SendGrid Deploy to Heroku A working deployed automated tool that runs everyday in the morning hours and sends a report to the client. Tool is monitored everyday. Heroku LSA API SendGrid Sheets API Python Data extraction, cleaning, and summarising Data is not stored and is sent directly to the client Heroku Ensuring a company’s data does not go to another company Testing on multiple dummy email ids Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes An app for updating the email id of the user and... Aerospace Engineering AI Tools & AI Software Negative effects of marketing on society An AI ML-based web application that detects the correctness of text... Controversy as a Marketing Strategy Interpret the Coefficients in Regression Models Integrating and Deriving Insights from the Cost of Equity Integration of Python and Power BI, Python as an External Tool...