Analytical solution for a tech firm

Client: A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type: IT Services: Consulting Organization Size: 100+ The client’s organization had a project that matches URLs up using TF-IDF algorithm. The script threw some errors and resolving these errors was the immediate ask. The client also required us to adjust the script for better accuracy and faster computation. R&D on the code developed Find & List bugs Solve the Bugs Find and get the best matching algorithm implemented. Check and compare the existing matching algorithm implemented for accuracy. if not check of other solution – ngrams or fuzzy logic Meet the expected output Fully functional code Solution & Documentation Support Google spreadsheets Microsoft Excel Google Colaboratory Python TF-IDF BERT Ngrams Flair Embeddings Rapid Fuzz Problem-solving Communication Data Modelling Data Pipelining Python Coding Google spreadsheets Bugs on the model used by the client was fairly competent using pretrained libraries The accuracy for the bug free code on the models used by the client was shaen once the model ran on a different set of data input A vanilla code to execute the same logic while fine tuning the matching algorithm was written in order to over come the shortcomings of the pretrained model bugs The data pre-processing was done manually in order to transform every instance of an input into better readable format to be able to go into the model and get best matching accuracy possible in the given timeframe of execution of the code Helped the client to perform the matching process with maximum accuracy and lowest cost on code, by implementing manually written vanilla code from scratch to utilise the matching algorithm. https://colab.research.google.com/github/AjayBidyarthy/Daniel-Emery/blob/main/vanilla.ipynb#scrollTo=vPp14xj020RL Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Blockchain in Fintech Real-time dashboard to monitor infrastructure activity and Machines AI Bot Audio to audio Interpret the Coefficients in Regression Models Risk Factors and Predicting Intraoperative, and Postoperative Blood Transfusion Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure,... Role of Big Data in Healthcare Advantages and Disadvantages of E-learning during the COVID-19 for students and...