Design and develop solution to anomaly detection classification problems

Client: A Leading Tech Firm in the USA Industry Type: IT Consulting Services: Software, Consulting Organization Size: 100+ We need to create a notebook with solutions to binary classification-related anomaly detection problems. We need to use machine learning and deep learning models which have greater than 90% accuracy. We created a notebook for anomaly detection. We used 10 to 15 machine learning and deep learning models but only  3 different types of auto encoder models that were giving greater than 90% accuracy. We trained all 3 models on one classification data which have anomalies and evaluated trained models on test data. A notebook that has solutions for anomaly detection related classification problems and accuracy should be above 90%. Google colab notebooks, Tensorflow, Google drive Python programming language, Machine learning, Deep learning, Data analysis and Data visualization. Auto Encoder and Variational Auto Encoder Python, Data Analysis, Data visualization, Machine learning, Deep learning. MS Excel Most of the anomaly detection models work with regression type data and this problem was classification problem so we need to deal with classification data. Getting high accuracy is also a tough challenge for us because there are only a few models which work well on anomaly detection related classification problems. So we have limited models for this problem so we used only classification models like Autoencoders, Isolation forest and one class svm. Only Autoencoder was giving high accuracy so we worked with different types of autoencoders like variational autoencoder and normal autoencoder. Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Future of Work: How AI Has Entered the Workplace Data from CRM via Zapier to Google Sheets (Dynamic) to PowerBI Ad Networks Marketing Campaign Data Dashboard in Looker (Google Data Studio) Advanced Data Visualization Solutions for Monitoring Key Business Metrics with Integrated,... AI solution for a Technology, Information and Internet firm Data Management for a Political SaaS Application Chatbot using VoiceFlow Global Economy effected by Coronavirus