Google Local Service Ads (LSA) Data Warehouse

Client: A leading Marketing firm in the USA Industry Type: Marketing Services: Marketing consulting Organization Size: 100+ Automated tool to extract daily review data from Local Service Ads dashboard for all clients. Extracts data from a company’s Google LSA page for the last 24 hours The data is uploaded to the Bigquery database called “LSA_Review_db”. The script runs once a day and is deployed to Heroku by the name “lsa-daily-reviews”. The script runs for all companies in the Google sheet “LSA Review Automation master file”. The following data is uploaded: Date Company Name Location Total Reviews Verified Reviews Overall Star Reviewer Name Review Date Reviewer Star Reviewer Comment Date Company Name Location Total Reviews Verified Reviews Overall Star Reviewer Name Review Date Reviewer Star Reviewer Comment Get list of companies to monitor along with their LSA URL Use Selenium automated browsing to open the review page for each company. Web scrape the data from the review page Prepare report Upload to database An automated tool that runs daily and extracts and uploads review data for all companies. Selenium Heroku Sheets API BigQuery Python Data extraction, cleaning and summarising. Web scraping. BigQuery –  LSA_Review_db Heroku Using Selenium to automate web browsing since it takes a large amount of RAM. Using the proper type of dynos and managing their allotment to lower both costs as well as memory usage. Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Design and develop a retool app that will show stock and... Splitting of Songs into its Vocals and Instrumental Traction Dashboards of Marketing Campaigns and Posts Analyzing the Impact of Positive Emotions and Pandemic Severity on Mental... The future of Investing Database Discovery Tool using OpenAI Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Turn Your Website Analytics into Actionable Insights & Decisions Using Neo4J...