Real-time dashboard to monitor infrastructure activity and Machines

Client: A leading tech firm in Europe Industry Type: IT Services: Software Services Organization Size: 30+ For the current project, we hope to develop a real-time dashboard (* it updates every several minutes). Currently, we have multiple Ubuntu machines that are sending messages every minute to Apache Pulsar. Developing a realtime updating dashboard to display the metadata of various machines on a server from pandio queue. The dahboard must display the count of “inactive” , “active” and “down” servers with a table displaying the details of all the machines in different color scheme for each type of server/machine. We used Django framework to develop the dashboard as it didn’t require the ec2 instance to be active on machine which was the problem with using streamlit. For communication between webpage and fetched data we used django channel . We used django background task module to make the fetching run forever in background. Real time updating Dashboard with separate color scheme for different types of machines. Storing the historical data in sqlite3 db. Django Web Channels D3 js Reddis server Python Django Framework Django web channels HTML/CSS + JS Django sqlite3 database. AWS Making the dashboard run forever using streamlit Data updation in realtime when using django channels Switched the entire dashboard to django framework We redirected data to channels on local reddis server. Development hosted URL Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes From Utopia to Reality: Marketing and the Big Data Revolution Design and develop a product recommendation engine based on the features... The future of Telehealth services. Splitting of Songs into its Vocals and Instrumental Should people wear fabric gloves? Seeking evidence regarding the differential transfer... Design & develop an app in retool which shows the progress... Creating a custom report and dashboard using the data got from... E-commerce Store Analysis – Purchase Behavior, Ad Spend, Conversion, Traffic, etc…