Incident Duration Prediction – Infrastructure and Real Estate

Client: A leading research institution in the middle east Industry Type: Research Services: R&D Organization Size: 1000+ To complete a Research Paper draft by training various Machine Learning models which can predict the Incident Duration based on various parameters given in the dataset and summarising the results. Given a set of researches, need to analyse and compare various machine learning and deep learning models to predict the Incident Duration for the given dataset. The dataset contained Short durations as well as Long durations. Build models for each set of durations, compare and get the best out of all. Here, we had to predict the traffic incident duration with some machine learning tools and techniques i.e. XGBoost, SVR and Deep Learning algorithm using tensor flow. First two models were run on Python Interpreter whereas Deep learning model was run on R studio, all the three with the same dataset and then we had compared these models based on their MAE (mean absolute error). Initially, we had done a preliminary analysis of the collected incident duration data, to collect the statistical characteristics of all the variables used in our research. Python Script for each model. Documentation for Research Work. Python Interpreter Language Used: Python Libraries Used: pandas, sklearn, numpy, keras, pickle XGBRegressor SVR SGDRegressor Sequential DecisionTreeRegressor Programming, Statistical Analysis Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Ranking customer behaviours for business strategy How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? What is the limitation of e-learning classes? Google Local Service Ads (LSA) Data Warehouse Advanced AI for Pedestrian Crossing Safety How AI will change the World? Lipsync Automation for Celebrities and Influencers List of database tools, categorized by their use cases