AI and NLP-based Solutions to Automate Data Discovery for Venture Capital and Private Equity Principals

Client: A leading Venture Capital and Private Equity Principals in the Globe Industry Type: Venture Capital and Private Equity Principals Services: Private Equity, Venture Capital, Data Analysis, Fund Performance, Alternative Assets, Competitive Intelligence, Limited Partners, Customized Benchmarks, Service Providers, Fund of Funds, M&A, and Financial Services Organization Size: 100+ Extract funding-related data from news articles (from 1000+ websites) such as company name, funded amount, participated investors, and other details. create a web app to manage the extraction of funding  data There were 1000+ websites from funding-related articles so we couldn’t make a crawler for each website. So we used an inbuilt web crawler provided by elasticsearch. When we have extracted articles then we need to extract funding related information company name, fund amount and investors participated etc. Then we decided to use NLP’s question-answering method in which we need to train transformers to extract funding-related information. First we have created some keywords based approaches to create labels for each field we need to extract to train models. After that we have trained distil bert model on labelled data on AWS EC2’s GPU server. We applied this approach for all the fields we need to extract. We got 90%+ accuracy for the company name field and for other fields we got 80%+ accuracy. To manage and view all the fields of extracted funding data we created a web app using python flask. In this we created several pages to show extracted raw data by crawler,  cleaned data after applying some cleaning functions and final output which have all the fields.  We also created admin dashboard pages to show daily crawling status, how many articles processed in one day, total final output etc. Flask Web app Elasticsearch crawler Flask, Spacy, NLTK, pandas, numpy, transformers, elasticsearch etc. Question answering in NLP, web scraping, web application Flask, Python Distil-bert model, en-core-web-sm (pre trained model of spacy) NLP, Data Analysis, Flask web app, Pandas, Numpy, transformers, fastapi, elasticsearch etc. Elasticsearch database AWS The client wanted to extract data from 1000+ different websites and if we make any crawler it only works for one website so it was not possible to create a 1000+ web crawler. How to extract funding information from an article. It is very difficult to extract that type of information from normal python code by defining keywords because every website has different types of articles. To solve web crawler-related issues we used elasticsearch web crawler which is very fast and can extract multiple websites at a time. In this we need to create an engine and add websites that we want to scrape. After that we added some keywords to extract only funding-related articles. We set up this crawler to run every hour so we can get new articles every hour. To extract funding-related information we collected articles from different websites and created labels for each field we wanted to extract. After that we have fine-tuned the transformer’s Distil-bert model on our labeled data.  We used these models to extract funding-related information. We also created an automated python script that uses these model on every extracted article and extracts funding-related information. This funding-related data would be used in two ways. From this project, companies can find suitable investors for their startups. Companies can search for investors based on industry, verticals, etc., and find investors to help their startups. Investors can use it to find a startup in which they want to invest based on their preferences like industry, verticals, etc. Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Department-Wise KPI Tracking Dashboard with Technician Performance Analysis for AtoZ Dependable... Steps to Meta-Analysis Rise of Internet Demand and Its Impact on Communications and Alternatives... How machine learning used in finance and banking? How can Big Data & Analytics change the healthcare sector in... Data Integration, ELT with Neo4j Graph Database Impact of COVID-19 on Engineering and Medical College during this pandemic... Can You Be Great Leader Without Technical Expertise