Auvik, Connectwise integration in Grafana

Client: A Leading Tech Firm in the USA Industry Type: IT & Consulting Services: Software, Business Solutions, Consulting Organization Size: 200+ Get statistics such as uptime,  availability, cpu throughput etc. from Auvik and Connectwise and make a dashboard from it in Grafana. Unlike many technologies for which plugins are readily available in Grafana, there are none for auvik and Connectwise. So our task was to device a solution through which all the data from Auvik and Connectwise can be fed to Grafana. This data then would be used to plot graphs in Grafana. Setup Postgres on linux Create appropriate databases, tables and users in it. Use python to get data from Auvik and Connectwise and perform necessary preprocesing. In the same python file, Connect to our postgres database. Ingest this data into postgres database. Setup Grafana. Connect Grafana to postgres using the postgres plugin. Query our postgres database in Grafana to get desired results. Plot multiple graphs according to client’s requirement and make a dashboard from it Setup Postgres Setup Postrges in Grafana Write Python code to get data from Auvik and Connectwise into Postrges Plot graphs into Grafana according to client’s requirement Make dashboards for all the graphs Grafana Postgres Vs Code AWS Postman Python bash Python networking Data visualisation Postgres Amazon Web Services (AWS) Since, the data received from Auvik was in Json fromat, our first approach was to use Grafana’s built-in Json plugin. But this wasn’t working since, the data received from Auvik was multi-dimensional when the Json plugin required One dimensional data. The above challenge was addressed by transforming the multi- dimensional data into one dimensional when it was store in a python variable. This transformed data was then inserted into Postgres. https://github.com/AjayBidyarthy/Henry-Pardo Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Car Detection in Satellite Images List of No-Code and Low-Code tools across different categories Big Data Analytics through IoT in Oil and Gas Industry List of Marketing Tools categorized by their primary functions Can You Be Great Leader Without Technical Expertise Securing Sensitive Financial Data with Privacy-Preserving Machine Learning for Predictive Analytics Advance Analytics for Refocusing Profits Coronavirus: Impact on the Hospitality Industry