Data from CRM via Zapier to Google Sheets (Dynamic) to PowerBI

Client: A leading solar panel firm in the USA Industry Type: Energy Services: Solar Panel Organization Size: 500+ Solar Panel organization from America wants to keep track of sales data. They want to see the leadership dashboard of their organization in terms of sales. They also want to keep track of their campaigns and leads generated from sources of those campaigns. They want to keep track of sales data from different sources. First, we fetch the data from CRM to PowerBI. Clean the data of CRM using DAX and then perform calculations on the data. Using cleaned data, we build KPI on PowerBI. To complete the project, we follow the following data flow pipeline: Data from CRM 🡪 Zapier 🡪 Google Sheet (Dynamic) 🡪PowerBI PowerBI, DAX Language CRM, Zapier , PowerBI, Google Sheet Challenges Faced during the Project Execution : Fetching the data from CRM Unclean Data Merging the Data Solution: To Fetch the data from CRM. We used Zapier. It is connector between two applications so that whenever a particular incident happen it will populate into another application. We use Zapier to connect CRM and Google sheets so that whenever a new lead will change or modified data will be stored into google sheets. Data in google sheets was uncleaned. First, we connect the Google sheet with PowerbI then perform EDA to clean the data using DAX language. Using merging of two tables by ONE-ON-ONE schema we solve duplicate entries of a particular lead in PowerBI. Using this Dashboard client can make important decisions like from which campaign they are getting a greater number of leads and out of those leads how many are actually a Sale. They can keep track of their sales leadership of employee of the month in term of sales. CRM Zapier Dashboard Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Efficient AWS Infrastructure Setup and Management: Addressing Security, Scalability, and Compliance How Will AI Make Decisions In Tomorrow’s Wars? Big Data Integration & Infrastructure Solution Advanced AI for Handgun Detection Rise of e-health and its impact on humans by the year... How to access Amazon Seller Central or Vendor Central data in... The rise of the OTT platform and its impact on the... Traction Dashboards of Marketing Campaigns and Posts