Power BI Dashboard on Operations, Transactions, and Marketing Data, embedding the Dashboard to Web App

Client: A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type: IT Services Services: Consulting, Software, Marketing Solutions Organization Size: 100+ Create a dashboard with Assets Performance With react App. So users can evaluate with Key metrics from data analytics and forecasting. The client requires two pages: Screening Asset Performance Portfolio Investing according to criteria and sector-based. By using Power BI We can achieve this requirement without any additional stack. It requires a subscription to enhance the report. Using Page Navigation and bookmarks to create reports like Web Application with React App. Asset Report Page Investor Page Power BI Azure AAD Mongo DB BI Connector ODBC Connector DAX Studio STAR SCHEMA DATA MODELLING. Performance Analyser. Vertipaq Analyser. Mongo DB AZURE Time for loading pages is increased due to raw data. Cold start of Report taking more time than usual From Snowflake to Star Schema  achieved performance of Report By using Performance Analyser debugging resolved many glitches and where it is happening. Extraction, Transformation makes data less complex and removing unwanted data from a website perspective makes data shrink and achieved 75% of Data Reduction. Less coding with Power BI speeds the development process and achieves Best UX with less time. Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes How we forecast future technologies? Impact of COVID-19 pandemic on entertainment industries such as theaters. How Artificial Intelligence can deliver real value to companies? Sentimental Analysis on Shareholder Letter of Companies AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Advanced AI for Road Cam Threat Detection Android Mobile Apps Portfolio Ad Networks Marketing Campaign Data Dashboard in Looker (Google Data Studio)