Ad Networks Marketing Campaign Data Dashboard in Looker (Google Data Studio)

Client: A leading financial firm in Dubai Industry Type: Financial Services Services: Banking, Financial Services, Card Payments, Mobile Payments, Digital Bank, and FinTech Organization Size: 200+ Build dashboards unifying all the platforms in use: Google Ads, FB ads, Appsflyer, Mixpanel, etc, in order to be able to track everything in the funnel from traffic source to total installs (paid, organic and by channel Track the app data analytics using various platforms Prepare the data sources – find and build data connectors for Google Data Studio. Developed 14 pages of Dashboard reports- creating templates to importing data sources and perform various visualisations. Maintained and tracked dashboard reports and helped the client with intelligence from these reports. Google Data Studio Google Analytics- GA4 and universal analytics Google Tag Manager Big Query Firebase Appsflyer Mixpanel Google spreadsheets Google Standard SQL dialect- bigquery Apps script Analytical aptitude Problem-solving Communication Knowledge about SQL Knowledge in digital marketing and strategies Google cloud services Creating data pipelines. Bigquery Google spreadsheets Firebase Google Cloud Platform Community/in-built Connectors for Appstore connect didn’t exist Connector for apple search ads couldn’t be found Data tracking from google play console, due to the timezone lag in data updation. Facebook connector issues Worked towards building the custom connector by using apple api for Appstore connect and search ads Utilised big query to call and store 100% accurate data from google play console and be used as a connector in GDS Made use of inhouse built facebook connector and google sheet add-on to track and keep connector inaccuracy check. Helped the client to view a consolidated report of all their ad campaigns Calculated and executed analytics metrics which helped to track various app events and helped the business to take decisions on UX Consulted the client and collaborated with them in marketing and ad campaign strategies- helped them cut their marketing expenses over less efficient marketing platforms Created funnel reports and suggested insights on app traffic to take decisions on important landing pages. https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/8af163c1-b328-4ed3-91fc-cf8a026d0d9f Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Construction Accounts Payable / Payroll Analytics in POWER BI List of Business Intelligence (BI) Tools, categorized based on their functionality... Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure,... Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform A Leading Law Firm in the USA, Website SEO & Optimization Design and develop a retool app that will show stock and... Evolution of Advertising Industry Power BI Dashboard on Operations, Transactions, and Marketing Data, embedding the...