Data ETL: Local Service Ads Leads to BigQuery

Client: A leading Marketing firm in the USA Industry Type: Marketing Services: Marketing consulting Organization Size: 100+ Upload daily data from Google Local Service Ads dashboard to BigQuery database. Extracts data from LSA dashboard for the last 24 hours. The data is uploaded to BigQuery database “lsa_lead_daily_data” The script runs every morning and is deployed to Heroku by the name “lead-details-to-db”. The data is collected only for the companies that are not marked in red in the “Missed Messages Notification Automation – Master File” sheet. The following data is uploaded: Number of Leads Cost Per Lead Lead Type Dispute amount to be approved Dispute amount approved Cost per Call Number of Leads Cost Per Lead Lead Type Dispute amount to be approved Dispute amount approved Cost per Call Use LSA API to extract data. Clean the data to make it readable and dispose the data not needed. Upload data to a BigQuery database everyday at a fixed time. Deploy to Heroku to run the script everyday. A working deployed automated tool that runs everyday in the morning hours and uploads a report to database. Tool is monitored everyday. Heroku LSA API BigQuery API Sheets API Python Data extraction, cleaning and summarising BigQuery –  lsa_lead_daily_data Heroku Making sure that the data uploaded is for the right company. Monitoring daily logs and uploads for some time and making sure data was correct Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Evolution of Advertising Industry Python model for the analysis of sector-specific stock ETFs for investment... All you need to know about online marketing ETL and MLOps Infrastructure for Blockchain Analytics Elastic Kibana Specialist to Create Dashboard & Visualization Resume Matching & Skill Ranking for a Leading IT Firm in... AI Bot Driven by GraphDB Neo4j for a Leading Healthcare Tech... Building an Analytics Dashboard with a PDF Parsing Pipeline for Data...