Marbles Stimulation using python

Client: A leading consulting firm in the USA Industry Type: IT Consulting Services: Consultanting Organization Size: 100+ For all 4 cases, use a random number generator that will give you numbers between 1 & a million [1,000,000].  Whatever generator you use, make sure to adjust the numbers so that they are between 1 & 1,000,000 distributed randomly. For all tasks, we will have 5 colors, for example in Task 1, when the random number selected is between 1 & 5857 choose a bright color that is easily visible [I have called it Br. Clr. 1], for numbers between 5858 & 8678 choose another bright color [Br. Clr. 2], for numbers between 8679 & 11500 choose B (Blue), for numbers between 11501 & 50,000 choose R (Red), and > 50,000 choose G (Green). Simulate these 4 Task scenarios and represent them in a Table (1000 x 32) and collect statistics at the end. Replicate the simulation exercises for each Task with 3 different initial seed numbers. Likewise for 16 other Tasks. Task involves creating 20 excel files running a Python Script in Jupyter Notebook which contains certain integer ranges indicating certain values and some other criteria the Random number range [1 to 1 million]. There are 20 Different tasks which have different conditions based on which need to form. Simulate these 20 Tasks and represent them in a Table (1000 x 32) and collect statistics at the end. Replicating the simulation exercises for each Task with 3 different initial seed numbers. Then using the Find and Replace tab of excel to make it in the correct format with proper color. Data Representation in particular format and formatting colors, Text based on condition passed within excel. Excel File JupyterNB Sublime Text MS Excel Python No Software model is being Used to Solve this Project Python programming MS Excel Formatting No database were used stored complete data in MS Excel No cloud servers were used for this project Formatting Excel Files Formatting Excel Files Discovered a lot of Shortcuts Available within Excel to deal with Data Representation in particular format and learned about formatting colors, Text based on condition passed within excel. Replication and Selecting Rows and Columns with shortcuts and in simplest way possible, transposing selected data and many more. Discovered a lot of Shortcuts Available within Excel to deal with Data Representation in particular format and learned about formatting colors, Text based on condition passed within excel. Replication and Selecting Rows and Columns with shortcuts and in simplest way possible, transposing selected data and many more. Figure 1: Sample Output File for Task 12 stimulation 3 In total there were 16 conditional tasks all of them had 3 stimulation which needed to be performed.  Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Text Summarizing Tool to scrape and summarize pubmed medical papers The Future of Bank Risk Management AI-driven data analysis AI tool using Langchain for a leading real... List of DevOps, MLOps, and DataOps tools, categorized based on their... Efficient AWS Infrastructure Setup and Management: Addressing Security, Scalability, and Compliance Trading Bot for FOREX How you lead a project or a team without any technical... Controversy as a Marketing Strategy