Web Data Connector

Client: A Leading Marketing Tech Firm in Australia Industry Type: Marketing Services: Marketing Solutions Organization Size: 50+ To make a software code that takes data from a source and ingests it into a database present on a server. The scripts should automatically execute after regular intervals of time. The client had several data sources that were updated with new data regularly. The client wanted software that triggers itself automatically and takes data from those data sources and ingests it into a database that is hosted on a Linode server. Also, the date parameters in the query should be changed dynamically using the current date. Further, we had to assist in setting up the Tableau BI tool on the client’s PC and connect the Postgres database to the tableau. We setup a linux server on linode. Install Postgres on this linux server. Create a database and create a new user. Grant this new user all privileges on the database. Create a table within the database. This table has columns with datatypes as specified by the client. Write a python script that makes GET request to the client specified data source and store the response in json format. Inside the python script itself, establish  a connection to our postgres database using the pscopg2 module and user credentials. Ingest the data into postgres using INSERT query in python script. Write code to get the today’s date using the datetime module. Using this, calculate yesterday’s date. Now we can use these as parameters inside our query to the data source. Move these python files to our server. Install and setup Cron on our server. Add the task to run specified python files at regular intervals to Cron. Repeat steps 4 to 11 for every new data source. Python Script Working linode server with cron installed Tableau installation and connection to postgres Project Documentation Linode server VS Code Python Bash PSQL. Python programming Postgres SQL Linux scripting Postgres Linode Avoiding duplicates was a challenge. Since Client was living in Australia all the timezone (on server and in code) were changed to AEDT. Used uniqueid Column to check for duplicates. Used pytz module to change timezones. This solution helps in maintaining a copy of all data sources inside our Postgres database. Also, the data is 24/7 available. Since data inside the Postgres is updated regularly, graphs in the tableau are also up to date. https://github.com/X360pro/Web-connector-for-tableu Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Rise of Internet Demand and its Impact on Communications and Alternatives... Central School System Logistics Optimization Power BI dashboard to drive insights from complex data to generate... End-to-end tool to optimize routing and planning of field engineers using... Data Analytics as a Tool to Reduce the Cost of Production... Creating a custom report and dashboard using the data got from... How the COVID-19 crisis is redefining jobs and services? Marketing Analytics to Automate Leads Call Status and Reporting