Data Warehouse to Google Data Studio (Looker) Dashboard

Client: A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type: IT Services: SaaS, Products, healthcare, government, energy Organization Size: 100+ Our client needed a Google Data Studio dashboard for different sectors such as Oil and Gas, Government, Healthcare, and Sales analysis. They want to see an analysis of data from which they can provide insights in different domains. They want us to create visual KPIs of meaningful insights. They provided us with data for different sectors. Using those data first we analyze the data and perform EDA on data for cleaning the data. After cleaning the data, we performed calculations to extract insights for KPIs. Using those KPIs we build a dashboard on Oil and Gas, Government, Healthcare, and Sales analysis. To build the dashboard we follow the pipeline as follows: Data 🡪 EDA(Cleaning data )🡪 Connection(GDS) 🡪 Building KPIs(Visuals) Google Data Studio EDA, Google data studio During the project execution, we faced the following challenges: The data client provided was not cleaned. Data was of four different sector which we have to analyse and visualize. Extracting insights from data. To solve the technical challenges, we provided following solutions as follow: Performed EDA on data to clean it and find the missing values. As data was from different domains, we have analysed each sector and understand the culture of each domain. We understand the pipeline and flow of work process. After completing the case study, we use calculations to extract the meaningful insights from data. Using these dashboards client can visualize the sales insights and understand the workflow. They can take crucial decisions based on these insights which will help them to make an impact on their sales. Sales Dashboard: Government Dashboard: Oil and Gas Dashboard: Hospital Analysis: Dashboards on Google Data Studio: 1.Government:- https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/dda94ce8-5b77-46aa-a1e0-1a57ccaef5f9 2.Oil:- https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/47c6529e-1355-4072-babf-1a96f9f842cf 3.Healthcare:- https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/b1e95a11-4380-465c-ad45-2d1995c799fb 4.Sales:- https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/36ec0e42-6b77-4fbb-9dea-760cccaa741f Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Analytics in Healthcare Industry List of Business Intelligence (BI) Tools, categorized based on their functionality... Design & Develop BERT Question Answering model explanations with visualization Integrating and Deriving Insights from the Cost of Equity Elastic Kibana Specialist to Create Dashboard & Visualization Easy Access to Performance Metrics – Realtime Dashboard Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure,... OCR (Optical Character Recognition)