Google LSA Ads (Google Local Service Ads) – ETL tools and Dashboards

Client: A leading marketing firm in the USA Industry Type: Marketing Services: Ads, Marketing, Campaign, Consulting Organization Size: 200+ The client has a Google LSA Ads Manager Account with about 100+ accounts and wishes to collect data available through the Google LSA API daily. The client wishes to set up a private Databases that is automatically created for newly added accounts and stores all of the collected data (Lead and Phone Call data). Finally, all collected data must be presented through the Google Looker Studio Dashboards, with the design layouts as suggested by the client. The solution involves a number of Python-based ETL tools that are responsible for fetching the data from Google’s LSA API daily and updating the same in the Google BigQuery Databases. Two different tools run are: MCC Data Fetching tool. Lead Record data fetching tool. The fetched data is stored in BigQuery Databases on the client-provided (Google)manager account. Carefully curated Google Looker Studio dashboards implemented with client-suggested theme layout which are updated upon client request, represent a number of KPIs and graphs indicating major data trends. The designed dashboards have a number of data-controlling filters that filter the data account-wise and date-wise. Heroku deployed Python tools Google Looker Studio Dashboards BigQuery Database Maintenance service Python Google BigQuery Heroku Google Looker Studio Git Heroku CLI Python GoogleSQL (BigQuery supported SQL) Looker Modeling Language (Looker ML) Git Commands Data Engineering skill to fetch data as per client needs. Data Processing to make it suitable for dashboards, databases Dashboard designing and data presentation skills Tool Deployment Database manipulation Data piplining Google BigQuery Heroku: Cloud Application Platform Google LSA API is slow, high data fetching timelines. BigQuery jobs fail, causing inconsistencies. Entire data fetching operation requires 1-2 hrs daily, 2 separate tools run in asynchronously and populate two different databases, the data is grouped in the dashboards Regular weekly and monthly data refreshes update any inconsistent data. Business clients are able to access important KPI’s without the need to understand the complexities involved behind the scenes. Allows clients to track their performances, responsiveness. Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes How Retail Industry Drive Value from Big Data? Design and develop PowerShell script Gangala.in: E-commerce Big Data ETL / ELT Solution and Data Warehouse Data Integration, ELT with Neo4j Graph Database BERT-Based Classification of Individuals and Organizations into Two Categories Using Natural... Contribution of handicrafts (Visual Arts & Literature) in the Indian economy Data Management Services Streamlining Time Calculation in Warehouse Management: Leveraging ShipHero API and Google...