Azure Data Lake and Power BI Dashboard

Overview Stone is a video bibliographic tool for journalists and other researchers. It allows users to capture, annotate and share their journeys through digital and physical space, producing verifiable logs and generating monetizeable video highlight reels that can be embedded in digital and other media – showcasing key moments and telling the story behind the story. Our mission is to address distrust and disinformation with transparency and authenticity, while simultaneously tilting the information ecosystem in favour of quality original work. Research is valuable. Make it Visible. Write In Stone. Website http://www.writeinstone.com Company size 2-10 employees Headquarters Blackheath, New South Wales Founded 2017 Specialties Research Transparency, Trust, Video Content, Journalism, Proof Of Work, and Bibliographic Standards Working on Microsoft Azure Analytics Services Verifying that indicators are being gathered in an intended manner, in line with GDPR provisions Building and analyzing dashboards and, specifically, conversion funnels To determine whether the already implemented indicators in are in intended fashion (separated by where these indicators are placed in the currently constituted funnel) Implement New Indicators Research Logged Average Number of Highlights per Project Total Hours of Content Produced Total Hours of Content Watched Daily unique visitors engaging with Stone, including the landing page, public research page(s), and the research portal Research Logged Average Number of Highlights per Project Total Hours of Content Produced Total Hours of Content Watched Daily unique visitors engaging with Stone, including the landing page, public research page(s), and the research portal Assess the dashboard set up in Azure, refine the existing dashboard, and determine whether an alternative is preferable. Review, refine, and optimize the WIS conversion funnel(s) Built a Power BI dashboard as per the requirement. Also built a separate dashboard for the metric data from Azure. Power BI dashboard which contains indicators funnels, new indicators(Research logged, Average number of Highlights per projects, Total hours of content watched etc), visualizations  extracted from metric data. Power BI Azure Power BI DAX Kusto Query Azure Data collection Data Analysis Data cleaning Feature engineering Querying Visualization Azure database Azure Difficulty in data collection. Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Behavior Based Chi-Square model to Detect Data-Exfiltration over the Network Power BI Data-Driven Map Dashboard Problems faced by students in online classes during COVID-19 How Telehealth and Telemedicine helping people to fight against COVID-19 Create a Knowledge Graph to Provide Real-time Analytics, Recommendations, and a... Advanced AI for Road Cam Threat Detection BERT-Based Classification of Individuals and Organizations into Two Categories Using Natural... Design and develop PowerShell script