Microsoft Azure chatbot with LUIS (Language Understanding)

Client: A leading retail firm in the USA Industry Type: Retail Services: e-commerce, retail business Organization Size: 100+ To create an advanced chatbot using Microsoft Azure cognitive service to take orders from customer on behalf of a pizza restaurant and give order summary as end result to the user. The project uses MS Azure LUIS service for language understanding to receive order details from a customer and provide an order summary. Also display various menu options to the customer in a dynamic method. Our solution is to create a chatbot on MS Azure platform using their LUIS service in bot-framework composer environment. Use dynamic hero cards to display menu so that user can get a better experience. Chatbot Bot Framework composer Bot emulator MS Azure LUIS services Bot framework composer Natural language processing MS Azure LUIS MS Azure QnA MS Azure speed SDK Deep learning Web development Cloud tech Microsoft Azure web platform Monthly quota for LUIS authoring service was reached Tracking multiple items ordered by user Accessing relevant images for each menu item Switching to a more suitable pricing tier which would have to eventually switch to when move onto production phase Creating custom functions and intents for different trackers Using open license images from internet  Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes How to protect future data and its privacy? How Small Business can survive the Coronavirus Crisis Code Review Checklist Power BI dashboard to drive insights from complex data to generate... Return on Advertising Spend Dashboard: Marketing Automation and Analytics using ETL... Data Warehouse to Google Data Studio (Looker) Dashboard How the COVID-19 crisis is redefining jobs and services? How does Big Data Help in Finance and the Growth of...