Database Normalization & Segmentation with Google Data Studio Dashboard Insights

Client: A leading marketing firm in the USA Industry Type: Market Research Services: Marketing, Consultancy Organization Size: 60+ To combine the different datasets. To make dashboards for each and every dataset individually. Phase – 1: In this project first of all we have to combine different datasets individually to make single file for each source. Phase – 2: Make Good looking reports for each file individually. We used pandas dataframe to combine different files to make single file for each source. We used Google Data Studio to make good looking and better reports with good UI. We have provided a Google Data Studio report file as deliverable for the project. Python, Google Data Studio, Google Chrome Python Programming and SQL queries editor. SDLC model used in this project. We have used the SDLC model as analysis, design, implementation, testing and maintenance. Data cleaning, Data Pre-processing, Data Visualisation are used in this project. We have used the traditional file systems as database storage. Combining Data sets into single file. Making good looking UI dashboards. I used pandas dataframe to combine different datasets and made a single file of every individual source. I used Google Data Studio to make dashboard for the project. Transforming Real Estate Investments with an Automated Stack shares Platform Empowering Careers: The Hirekingdom Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Google LSA Ads (Google Local Service Ads) – ETL tools and... Big Data & Analytics to Bring Transparency and Good Governance Analytics in Healthcare Industry Securing Sensitive Financial Data with Privacy-Preserving Machine Learning for Predictive Analytics Will technology eliminate the need for animal testing in drug development? The Emergence of Data Analytics Real life data analysis on stationary and non-stationary Time Series